#summary How to use the AATree in your code.
#labels Use,Usage,Howto,Featured

= Integration =

Using the AATree in your project is easy. Just copy the files into your project and you are good to go.


= Usage =

First create a NSComparator block, which will be used to compare the keys in the tree. For example, if we use NSNumber as a key, we could use a key comparator like this:

{{{
NSComparator keyComparator = ^NSComparisonResult(id obj1, id obj2) {
	if ([obj1 intValue] < [obj2 intValue]) return NSOrderedAscending;
	else if ([obj1 intValue] > [obj2 intValue]) return NSOrderedDescending;
	else return NSOrderedSame;
};
}}}

Now that we have a key comparator, we can create the tree:

{{{
AATree *tree = [[AATree alloc] initWithKeyComparator:keyComparator];
}}}

Note, only use this initializer to initialize the tree. Others won't work and are not supported.

We are now ready to use the tree as we would use a NSDictionary. For example:

{{{
for (int i=0; i<10; i++) {
	[tree setObject:[NSString stringWithFormat:@"Data%@" ,[NSNumber numberWithInt:i]] forKey:[NSNumber numberWithInt:i]];
}
}}}

Now we have filled the tree with ten objects. The fastest way to retrieve objects from the tree is through the _objectForKey:_ method. This performs a search in O(log n) steps.

{{{
NSLog(@"Data at key 5 = %@", [tree objectForKey:[NSNumber numberWithInt:5]);
}}}


= Debugging =

For debugging purposes, one can call _print_ on the tree. This will cause the tree to be printed using NSLog().

{{{
[tree print];
}}}

Which gives a result like:
{{{
2010-06-19 01:00:13.196 [17265:a0f]             9-Data9(1)
2010-06-19 01:00:13.196 [17265:a0f]          8-Data8(1)
2010-06-19 01:00:13.197 [17265:a0f]       7-Data7(2)
2010-06-19 01:00:13.197 [17265:a0f]          6-Data6(1)
2010-06-19 01:00:13.197 [17265:a0f]    5-Data5(2)
2010-06-19 01:00:13.198 [17265:a0f]       4-Data4(1)
2010-06-19 01:00:13.198 [17265:a0f] 3-Data3(3)
2010-06-19 01:00:13.199 [17265:a0f]       2-Data2(1)
2010-06-19 01:00:13.199 [17265:a0f]    1-Data1(2)
2010-06-19 01:00:13.199 [17265:a0f]       0-Data0(1)
}}}